2022-06-10
14:35:05
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*MENU HEADERS: *
Reminders
Login Name Reminder
Reset Password
Reset PIN
Apply To Join The Scheme
Application Options
Scheme Communications
Pensions Compass
Scheme Information
Investments
Investment Options

*HEADER RIGHT SIDE ELEMENTS: *
A A A
Contact Us
Home
Login
Register

Contact Us font-size when biggest A is selected (correct value is: 26px): 26px 
Contact Us font-size when biggest A is selected (correct value is: 23px): 23px 
Contact Us font-size when biggest A is selected (correct value is: 20px): 20px 

*Page Body ELEMENTS: *
Welcome
to the Nissan Pension Plan.
Already have an account?
Login
New to the site?
Register

*Footer ELEMENTS: *
Capita plc Capita
Accessibility Privacy & Cookie Policy FAQ Terms & Conditions
Capita Pension Solutions is a trading name of Capita Pension Solutions Limited and Capita Employee Benefits (Consulting) Limited. Part of Capita plc. www.capita.com. Capita Pension Solutions Limited and Capita Employee Benefits (Consulting) Limited are registered in England & Wales No: 02260524 and 01860772 respectively. Registered Office: 65 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NQ. Separately authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority

*Contact Us WORDING: *
Contact Us
If you would like to contact us for any further information, click the Contact Us button below:
Alternatively you can write to us at:
Nissan Pension Plan
Capita Employee Solutions
PO Box 555
Stead House
Darlington
DL1 9YT
United Kingdom
Or telephone us on: 0114 2737331
Or email us at: CHWebSupport@capita.co.uk
Please quote your National Insurance Number in any correspondence.
Our aim is to deliver the highest possible standards of service to our customers. If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of the service that you have received from the Scheme please get in touch using the contact details above.

*LOGIN WORDING (from header button): *
1
Login Name
2
Password & PIN
3
Confirmation
Login Name
Your Login Name

*REGISTER WORDING (from header button): *
1
Registration
2
PIN Entry
3
Welcome
Welcome to the Scheme website. In order to access your pension account you will need to register. You can do this by entering your login details which you will use to log in to the site. We will need your contact details so we can send you a log in reminder and any password or PIN resets you may need. We will also let you know if you get any mail from the Scheme.
As a security measure, you will be sent a Personal Identification Number (PIN) which you will need to access the site. You can choose how to receive this PIN using the drop-down box below.
* information required
Login Details
The login name you choose must
Be a minimum of six characters (letters or numbers) with a maximum of 40
Login Name *
The password you choose must meet all of the following:
Be 8 or more characters long
Must contain number(s)
Must contain lower case letter(s)
Must contain an upper case letter OR punctuation character
It is strongly advised you do not enter a password that you have previously used
Password *
Confirm Password *
Security Question *
Security Answer *
Contact Details
Your Email Address *
Confirm Email Address *
Mobile Telephone Number*
(UK) +44
I wish to receive my PIN via *
Email
Multi-Factor Authentication
Authentication Method *
None
Personal Details
National Insurance Number *
Surname *
Gender *
Male
Date of Birth *
The input is / separated
Please enter the Security Code shown below to proceed
Security Code *
I have read and agree with the Terms and Conditions

*LOGIN NAME REMINDER WORDING: *
Login Name Reminder - Step 1
On successful completion of these pages you will receive notification of your login name.
If you have any further problems, please use the Contact Us page to contact the administration team at Capita.
Please enter the security code shown below to proceed.
Security Code *
Your Email Address *
Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are mandatory

*RESET PASSWORD WORDING: *
Reset Password - Step 1
On successful completion of these pages you will receive notification of your new password.
If you have any further problems, please use the Contact Us page to contact the administration team at Capita.
Please enter the Security Code shown below to proceed
Security Code *
Your Email Address

*RESET PIN WORDING: *
Reset PIN - Step 1
On successful completion of these pages you will receive notification of your new PIN.
If you have any further problems, please use the Contact Us page to contact the administration team at Capita.
Please enter the Security Code shown below to proceed
Security Code *
Your Email Address

*Application Options page WORDING: *
Apply for Membership
The online enrolment form is not available.
If you have any further questions, please contact us. However, please be aware that neither your Employer, nor the Trustee(s), nor Administration Team are authorised to provide you with financial advice.

*Scheme Information WORDING: *
Scheme Information
A summary of your scheme documentation is set out below
Click below to download your policy. If your computer does not have Adobe Acrobat Reader, you can download it for free from Adobe's website.
Documents
No documents to display
Forms
No documents to display
Further Information
No documents to display

*Investment Options WORDING: *
Connection Error
An error occurred while retrieving the requested data.

*LOGIN WORDING (from main page button): *
1
Login Name
2
Password & PIN
3
Confirmation
Login Name
Your Login Name

*REGISTER WORDING (from main page button): *
1
Registration
2
PIN Entry
3
Welcome
Welcome to the Scheme website. In order to access your pension account you will need to register. You can do this by entering your login details which you will use to log in to the site. We will need your contact details so we can send you a log in reminder and any password or PIN resets you may need. We will also let you know if you get any mail from the Scheme.
As a security measure, you will be sent a Personal Identification Number (PIN) which you will need to access the site. You can choose how to receive this PIN using the drop-down box below.
* information required
Login Details
The login name you choose must
Be a minimum of six characters (letters or numbers) with a maximum of 40
Login Name *
The password you choose must meet all of the following:
Be 8 or more characters long
Must contain number(s)
Must contain lower case letter(s)
Must contain an upper case letter OR punctuation character
It is strongly advised you do not enter a password that you have previously used
Password *
Confirm Password *
Security Question *
Security Answer *
Contact Details
Your Email Address *
Confirm Email Address *
Mobile Telephone Number*
(UK) +44
I wish to receive my PIN via *
Email
Multi-Factor Authentication
Authentication Method *
None
Personal Details
National Insurance Number *
Surname *
Gender *
Male
Date of Birth *
The input is / separated
Please enter the Security Code shown below to proceed
Security Code *
I have read and agree with the Terms and Conditions

*Accessibility WORDING: *
Accessibility
It is vital that websites are accessible to everyone - not only does it make good business sense, but it is also a legal requirement for businesses and organisations to make reasonable adjustments to provide accessible services or information.
One of the main goals of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is to make the web accessible to all by promoting technologies that take into account the vast differences in culture, languages, education, ability, material resources, access devices, and physical limitations of users on all continents.
We are also in the process of applying for WAI certification via the Shaw Trust.
For further information about W3C, visit www.w3.org.
Browser Customisations
Depending on the web browser you are using, there are a number of ways to change the way our web pages are displayed in order to make it easier for you to get the most out of them. For example you can:
Permanently apply font and colour changes
Enlarge text
Change text and background colour
Prevent graphics and images appearing
Change the size of the window
Change the colour of links displayed on a screen
For details on how to apply changes such as these please refer to the help section or website of your web browser.
Cascading Style Sheet (CSS)
We have aimed to make our website as accessible as possible and to ensure that it remains usable if the CSS is disabled.
Links to External Websites
We are not responsible for the content of external websites linked to from this website as such we can not guarantee the accuracy of our links to these websites. If you notice any links that no longer go to the correct page please contact us.
Useful Downloads from Adobe
Some documents contained within this website are in Adobe Acrobat PDF (Portable Document Format). Such documents will be marked with the icon. To view these documents you will need to download Acrobat Reader which can be obtained from Adobe's website www.adobe.com.
Access technology cannot easily read PDF files. Adobe have created a website www.adobe.com/uk which provides tools to help make PDF files more accessible to the visually disabled. These tools convert PDF documents into HTML or ASCII text so that they can then be read by a number of common screen reading programs that synthesise text as audible speech.

*Privacy & Cookie Policy WORDING: *
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This Privacy Policy is supplemental to the Hartlink terms and conditions, and which, by continuing to access the Hartlink website you are deemed to accept and agree to be bound by.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Notice explains how we use information about you:
which your employer or pension scheme trustee has provided to us, and
any additional information you provide through the Hartlink Online Portal (our Site).
Depending on the services we are providing to your employer or pension scheme trustee you may be able to limit the use of that information, and where that is possible this is explained below.
This notice also explains the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Who is collecting information about me?
What information are you collecting about me?
Why are you collecting this information?
Who might you share my information with?
Where might you transfer my information outside the EEA?
How long do you need to keep my information?
What if I choose not to give you my personal information?
Will you process my information for purposes I may not be aware of?
What rights do I have?







Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy is supplemental to the Hartlink terms and conditions, and which, by continuing to access the Hartlink website you are deemed to accept and agree to be bound by.
We are committed to ensuring that your data is protected. This Cookie Policy explains how we use the information we collect about you by our use of cookies, and the purpose for which we use them.
At any time you can manage cookie settings in order to give or withdraw your consent to non essential cookies
1. Information about our use of cookies and other information gathering technologies
2. Third party cookies
3. Disabling cookies and other information gathering technologies

*Privacy & Cookie Policy WORDING inside accordion headers: *

    
        Capita Employee Benefits Limited and Capita Employee Benefits (Consulting) Limited (trading as Capita Employee Solutions) ("we").
        We are registered in England and Wales under company numbers 02260524 and 01860772 respectively
        and have our registered office situated at 65 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NQ.
    
    
        We are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under registration numbers 142484 and 115051 respectively.
    
    
        We provide pension administration services to your employer and / or pension scheme trustee.
        As part of these services they provide us with information about you to enable us to administer your pension scheme
        and to allow you to apply for any additional optional benefits your employer or pension scheme trustees ask us to make available to you.
    
    
    
        Your employer and / or the pension scheme trustee are the 'Controller' of this information and Capita is a 'Processor'
    
    
    
        This Privacy Notice is therefore supplemental to the Privacy Notice provided by your employer
        and / or pension scheme trustee and only relates to our administration services.
    

    
        When a controller decides to use our services they provide us with your personal details
        which are necessary to provide you with the benefits and services they are providing or offering you.
        The exact details may vary depending on the pension options being provided but may include but not be limited to:
    
    
        Full Name
        Address
        Company email address
        Personal email address
        National Insurance Number
        Employee/Payroll Number
        Annual salary
        Employment start date
        Date you enrolled into the pension scheme
        Dependents details (e.g. if there is a spouses pension / death in service/life cover)
    
    
        When you enrol and visit our Site you should check these details are accurate and keep them updated.
    
    
    
        We may ask you for further details in the following circumstances:
    
    
    
        The information provided by your employer/pension scheme trustee is incomplete, or
        An external provider of a particular benefit or service requires more information to provide that benefit or service
    
    
    
        Depending on the service you may have the option to receive information by SMS e.g. pension investment alerts.
        Where you choose this service you will have the option of providing your mobile phone number.
    
    
    
        We may also ask you for details of your spouse, partner or other immediate family member if they are to be included
        as the nominated beneficiary of your pension. Where you submit such details,
        you do so on behalf of the relevant family member and you acknowledge and accept that it is your responsibility for letting them know
        (i) that you have done so; (ii) what details you have submitted; and (iii) the purpose of submitting the details.
    
    
    
        It is your responsibility to keep your personal details and those of any relevant family member updated.
        If there is any change in your personal details, please let us know the correct details by updating them on our Site (where possible)
        or inform your employer and/or scheme administrator of the changes.
    

    
        We gather this information to allow us to process your enrolment,
        provide you with updated details of your pension scheme,
        assist you in applying for further benefits or products and processing those applications (where applicable)
        and generally ensure the smooth running of your pension account.
    

    
        The information is also used by us to communicate with you on any matter relating to your pension scheme and the provision of the services in general.
    

    
        Your employer and / or pension trustee may have provided your e-mail address details to Capita
        for the purpose of providing our services. E-mail messages sent over the internet cannot be guaranteed
        to be completely secure as they may be subject to possible interception or loss.
        If you do not want Capita to contact you on your e-mail address, please contact your employer and/or pension scheme administrator.
    

    
        We may also wish to provide you with information about special features of our Site or other services.
        This may be by email or by SMS text messaging if you have registered for this service.
        If you do not want to receive this information, please contact your employer and / or pension scheme administrator.
    

    
        We never use or share any personally identifiable information provided to us online
        in ways unrelated to the ones described on our Site, this Privacy Notice or our Cookie Policy.
    

    What is your legal basis for processing my information?
    
        The controller will have a legal basis for providing us with your information to process
        and they should provide you with details of this in their privacy notice to you.
    

    
        As a processor your information is processed by us on the basis of instructions from
        and a contract with the controller e.g. your employer / pension scheme trustee to provide pension administration services.
    

    
        Where we provide pension administration services and you apply for any additional products or services
        offered through our Site, we will pass your personal details as necessary to the provider of those products
        and services to the extent necessary for you to receive those products or services.
        Thereafter, the provider may correspond with you directly in order to provide those services.
    
    
    
        Once a provider has received your personal information they will usually have a direct relationship with you
        and use your personal data in accordance with their terms and conditions and privacy policy.
    
    
    
        Examples of the types of providers used are:
    
    
        Insurance Companies: for the provision of Pensions Schemes or Life assurance
    
    
    
        To provide our services to your employer and / or pension scheme trustee we sometimes use
        third parties such as IT systems and software providers or print and document management companies.
    
    
    
        In addition, your details may be disclosed to your employer / pension scheme in order for Capita to provide the services to you.
    
    
    
        In the event that Capita is sold or integrated with another business, your details may be disclosed
        to our advisers and any prospective purchasers' advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
    

    
        Your personal data will not be transferred by us outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
        unless specifically agreed with the controller. Where that is the case you will be separately notified.
    

    
        Our standard policy is to hold your data for a maximum of 7 years after the end our agreement
        to provide services to your employer / pension scheme trustee after which it will be securely destroyed.
    

    
        If you do not wish us to process your personal data in order to use our Site, please use the contact details
        on the Site homepage. However, in certain circumstances the controller e.g. your employer maybe under a legal obligation
        to process your personal data e.g. for automatic enrolment into a pension scheme
        and to manage opt-outs in which case we may have to continue to process your personal data.
    

    
        Where agreed with your employer and / or pension scheme trustee we may anonymise
        your personal information and use it for data analytical purposes.
    
    
        We may also use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage
        and to help us develop our Site and our services, and may provide such aggregate information to third parties.
        These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify any individual.
    
    
    
        From time to time we may provide your information that we collect and store during normal use of our Site
        to our customer service agencies for research and analysis purposes so that we can monitor and improve the services we provide.
        Such use does not result in any personally identifiable data, other than contact details, being collected,
        stored or transferred to such agencies. We, or our agents and sub-contractors, may contact you by post,
        e-mail or telephone to ask you for your feedback and comments on our services.
    
    
        One way in which we gather this information is by using cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
    

    
        Under Data Protection regulations you have a number of rights.
        These can be exercised by contacting your employer / pension scheme trustee as the Controller of your information.
    
    
    
        The right to be informed
        This includes an obligation to explain to you how your information is used.
        This Privacy Notice provides you with this explanation in relation to the information processed
        by us when providing pension scheme administration services to your employer or pension scheme trustee.
    
    
    
        The right of access
        You have the right to obtain confirmation that your information is being processed and to obtain access to your information (e.g. by receiving a copy of it).
    
    
    
        The right to rectification
        You have the right to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
    
    
    
        The right to erasure (also known as the “right to be forgotten”)
        You have the right to request the deletion or removal of your information in certain circumstances.
        Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask for your information to be deleted
        but both us and your employer / pension scheme trustee are legally entitled to retain it.
    
    
    
        The right to restrict processing
        You have the right to request the processing of your information is restricted in certain circumstances.
        Again, there may be circumstances where you ask your employer / pension scheme trustee to restrict
        the processing of your information, but they are legally entitled to refuse that request.
    
    
    
        The right to data portability
        You have the right to receive the information you have provided in a usable electronic format
        and/or request it is transmitted to a third party where this is technically feasible.
    
    
        The right to complain to the Supervisory Authority
        You have the right to make a complaint with the Information Commissioner
        (www.ico.org.uk) 
        if you think that any of your rights have been infringed.
    

    
        1.1. Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide 
        you with a good experience when you browse our Site. It also allows us to improve our Site.
        1.2. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. 
            Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They are widely 
            used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently (such as recalling your preferences), 
            as well as to provide information to the owners of the website, which helps to improve the user 
            experience of the website.
        1.3. We use the following types of cookies:
            
                Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the 
                    operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into 
                    secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
                Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the 
                    number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. 
                    This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users 
                    are finding what they are looking for easily.
            
        
        1.4. The table below explains the specific cookies we use for the operation of Hartlink and why:
    
    
        
            
                Cookie Type
                Name
                Purpose 
                Lifespan
            
            
                Strictly necessary cookies
                Cstatus
                This is a session cookie which informs the application whether the browser is set to use cookies.
                When the browsing session ends
            
            
                Strictly necessary cookies    
                ASPSESSIONDACDCTSSA
                This is a session cookie which the server uses to allow any .net items to run.
                When the browsing session ends
               
                
                Strictly necessary cookies
                Sid#####
                This is a session cookie which holds the members session information while they go through the Site.
                When the browsing session ends
            
            
                Strictly necessary cookies
                displayCookieConsent
                This cookie is used to notify you that the website is storing cookies in your browser.
                90 days
            
        
    

    
        2.1. We use a number of suppliers which set cookies through our Site in order to deliver 
            the services they provide. We have no control over these cookies. They are most likely 
            to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
        2.2. The table below explains the third party cookies we use for the operation of 
        Hartlink and why:
    
    
        
            
                Cookie Type
                Name
                Purpose
                Lifespan
            
            
                Google Analytics
                 _utma 
                These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our Site. 
                   We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the Site. The 
                   cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of 
                   visitors to the Site, how and where the visitor has accessed the Site from, 
                   and the pages they have visited.
                
                2 years
            
            
               _utmb
               1 day
            
            
                _utmc
               When the browsing session ends
            
            
               
               _utmz
               
               6 months
            
        
    
    
        2.3. Please note other websites to which our Site may be linked, may also make use of their 
            own cookies, over which we have no control.
    

    
        
            3.1. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through your browser settings, 
            where you can block cookies by activating the settings on your browser. This allows you 
            to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
        
        
            3.2. However, using your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) 
            may mean you are unable to access some or all parts of our Site.
        
        
            3.3. All of the cookies used by Hartlink are required for Hartlink to function correctly and 
            therefore to use Hartlink you must give your consent for cookies to be stored on your machine. 
            None of the cookies Hartlink use are harmful or will track anything you do away from Hartlink.
        
        
            3.4. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit 
            Google Analytics Opt-Out.
            
    

*FAQ WORDING: *
How do I register?
I have not received a PIN
Login Name, Password and PIN
My account is locked
The website will not accept my email address
Why am I asked to log in again when I was already logged in?
Why does the website not recognise my response to the security image?

*FAQ WORDING inside accordion headers: *
            
         
             Click on the Register button in the top right of the page and follow the instructions. You will need your
             National Insurance number and this must match the one on your pension record for successful registration.
                       
                 
         
             If you have just registered, a PIN will be issued within 24 hours of registration, either by email or SMS (text message)
             depending on the option you selected. If you elected to receive your PIN by email, make sure to check your spam or junk folder.
                       
     
            
                If you have forgotten your Login Name, Password, or PIN, please go to the Reminders section on the left of the screen and click on the appropriate reset/reminder. 
            
            
                Please note that if you reset your password, the password generated for you is case sensitive.
            
    
        
            Your account locks after three failed attempts to log in. You can use the Unlock Your Account option, or alternatively
            call us on 0114 273 7331 (+44 114 273 7331 from overseas) and a member of the administration team will be able to assist.
                   
    
        
            Please call us on 0114 273 7331 (+44 114 273 7331 from overseas) and a member of the administration
            team will be able to assist.
                   
    
        
            There are several possible reasons that you were asked to log in again; the most likely is that your web
            browser was inactive for a certain amount of time. This is a safety precaution we have put in place to help
            prevent unauthorised access to your account.
        
        
            We recommend that you always click "Log Out" before leaving the website and closing your internet browser.
        
    
        
            Under certain circumstances the security image shown to you can be temporarily stored on your computer and
            result in a different image displaying in your browser than it should. By default, with the majority of
            internet browsers, this should not happen.  To ensure this isn't problematic, you can perform a "hard refresh"
            of the image using Ctrl+F5 (Options+Cmd+E on Mac using Safari).
        
    
*Terms & Conditions WORDING: *
Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this site. By accessing and using this site, you agree to be bound by the terms of use set out below.
Terms of website use
Information about us
Other applicable terms and interpretation
Changes to these terms and to our Site
Access to the Site
Your account and password
Ownership of our Site and its content
Information, not advice
No warranties
Internet e‐mail
Your data and our Privacy Policy
Email or SMS contact preference
Third party services
Use of the website
Complaints policy and procedure








Jurisdiction

